added meta for guides (#39)
dashpay/docs-core: docs/guide/dash-features-chainlocks.md

```{eval-rst}
.. meta::
  :title: ChainLocks

>   :description: Dash's ChainLock feature uses LLMQ Signing Requests/Sessions to secure transactions and prevent 51% mining attacks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Dash's ChainLock feature uses long-living masternode quorums to expedite transaction security and prevent 51% mining attacks. 
```
